Hey everyone. Before we move on to the
actual resume and interview process,
I wanted to give you a couple of sort of insider tips
on looking for a product management job.
These are kind of miscellaneous tips that I just thought
that I should tell you about, and pay attention,
because they will help you in the long run.
The first tip is, for any product management job opportunity,
you should make sure that the company that is looking
to hire has a good understanding of the product
management role and can clearly illustrate why they're hiring one.
I say this because, as an observer of the industry, I've seen
a lot of companies that don't see the difference
between product and project management.
Sometimes these companies will end up hiring
somebody merely to keep engineers on task,
and if you can, you want to avoid this to maximize
your experience for actual product management.
The second tip I have for you is to do a lot of research
on the current product team or product management
leader at the company. Find them on Twitter, look at
their blogs, check out their job history on LinkedIn
and see what you think about the things that they say.
What you're looking for here is someone that you
think you can learn a lot from that has had
product management experience before.
Sometimes, someone will be named director of product
at small growing companies, but they'll have no product
management experience before that,
and this is something that, trust me, you really want to avoid.
On the other hand, if you're interested in working for a
particular industry or a company down the road,
then working for somebody that has worked in that
industry in the past is a great thing to know,
it's a great thing to be able to say, "Oh, I'd like them
to be my boss so I can learn from them."
So pay attention to that. Alright, so recap here.
Do extensive research on the people that you'll
be working with and use it to your advantage.
Also, make sure that the company that's hiring you
knows why they're hiring a product manager, so that
you get a good role at a good product team,
where you can learn a lot.
I'll see you all in the next lecture, we're going to
move into the actual resume and interview process.
I'll catch you there.